I don't know if what Chen Xunan told me is true.
It's not that they all reported it
also right
Man's words
Help! Anybody?
Uncle Chen Junnan treats you badly?
He likes you so much, how about you?
How did you treat him?
What's wrong with me?
You are having an affair with another man
A feisty woman
No, is there any misunderstanding?
I saw it with my own eyes
Can't communicate with that Ke Yang
Dominate Xunan and don't let go
I didn't have a clear understanding with Professor Ke
It's all you, your father
Leave him when he needs you most
Are you still worthy to be his father?
You are talking nonsense I am not talking nonsense
If it weren't for you
His personality wouldn't be so strong
He won't be unable to do what he wants to do
You ruined him
What else did you say?
Didn't say anything.
I read his evaluation of my biological father
It's not that much
That's because he doesn't even want to mention you.
Your mouth is so stupid
How could Sunan like you?
No, no.
uncle
Do you have any last resort?
Humph